| Behavior     | With plugin          | Without plugin        |
| ------------ | -------------------- | --------------------- |
| Exclude slow | pytest -m "not slow" | pytest                |
| Include slow | pytest               | pytest --slow         |
| Only slow    | pytest -m slow       | pytest -m slow --slow |


$ cd path/to/code/ch15/just_markers
$ pytest -v -m "not slow"

---

$ cd path/to/code/ch15/local

pytest -v
pytest -v --slow
pytest -v -m slow --slow

---

开始写本地pytest插件

$ cd path/to/code/ch15/pytest_skip_slow
$ pip install flit
$ flit init

```bash
>flit build
Fetching list of valid trove classifiers               I-flit.validate
Built sdist: dist\pytest-skip-slow-0.0.1.tar.gz      I-flit_core.sdist
Copying package file(s) from ...\pytest_skip_slow.py  I-flit_core.wheel
Writing metadata files                               I-flit_core.wheel
Writing the record of files                          I-flit_core.wheel
Built wheel: dist\pytest_skip_slow-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl  I-flit_core.wheel
```
pip install dist/pytest_skip_slow-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl

pytest examples/test_slow.py
pytest --slow examples/test_slow.py

这里使用的是example下的test文件来进行测试。下面将使用tests目录来进行规范测试。

测试目标：
- ran with -v to make sure the slow marked test was skipped,
- ran with -v --slow to make sure both tests ran, and
- ran with -v -m slow --slow to make sure just the slow test ran

pytest自带了一个默认不启用的plugin: pytester

- makefile() creates a file of any kind.
- makepyfile() creates a python file. This is commonly used to create test files.
- makeconftest() creates conftest.py.
- makeini() creates a tox.ini.
- makepyprojecttoml() creates pyproject.toml.
- maketxtfile() … you get the picture.
- mkdir() and mkpydir() create test subdirectories with or without __init__.py.
- copy_example() copies files from the project’s directory to the temporary
directory. This is my favorite and what we’ll be using for testing our plugin
  
$ cd /path/to/code/ch15/pytest_skip_slow_final
$ pip uninstall pytest-skip-slow
$ pip install -e .

修改tox.ini 配置多个matrix 环境，然后 
```bash
tox -q --parallel
```

The -q reduces the output of tox, and --parallel tells tox to run the environments
in parallel.

输出：
```
py37-pytest62: OK (77.72=setup[73.48]+cmd[4.23] seconds)
py37-pytest70: OK (77.42=setup[73.50]+cmd[3.92] seconds)
py38-pytest62: SKIP (3.02 seconds)
py38-pytest70: SKIP (3.00 seconds)
py39-pytest62: OK (78.08=setup[74.00]+cmd[4.08] seconds)
py39-pytest70: OK (77.89=setup[73.55]+cmd[4.34] seconds)
py310-pytest62: OK (77.45=setup[73.50]+cmd[3.95] seconds)
py310-pytest70: OK (77.69=setup[73.45]+cmd[4.23] seconds)
```

---

## publish

To publish your plugin, you can:
• Push your plugin code to a Git repository and install from there.
– For example: pip install git+https://github.com/okken/pytest-skip-slow
– Note that you can list multiple git+https://... repositories in a requirements.txt file and as dependencies in tox.ini.

• Copy the wheel, pytest_skip_slow-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl, to a shared directory somewhere and install from there.
– cp dist/*.whl path/to/my_packages/
– pip install pytest-skip-slow --no-index --find-links=path/to/my_packages/

• Publish to PyPI.
– Check out the Uploading the distribution archives 11 section in Python’s documentation on packaging.
– Also see the Controlling package uploads 12 section of the Flit documentation.